welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about gone girl on their
fifth wedding anniversary writing
teacher Nick Dunne returns home to find
his wife Amy missing her disappearance
receives press coverage as Amy was the
inspiration for her parents popular
amazing Amy children's books
detective Rhonda boney finds poorly
concealed evidence of a struggle in the
house suspicion mounts around Nick whose
apathy is interpreted by the media as
characteristic of a sociopath and even
sows doubt in his twin sister Margot
flashbacks reveal how Amy and Nick first
met Amy later revealed to Nick that
amazing amy was a perfected version made
up of the real Amy's failures their
marriage disintegrated over time both
lost their jobs in the recession and
moved from New York City to Nick's
hometown of North Carthage Missouri Nick
became lazy and distant and began
cheating on Amy with Andie Fitzgerald
one of his students forensic analysis of
the house uncovers cleaned bloodstains
indicating a probable murder boney
unearths evidence of financial troubles
domestic disputes and Amy's recent
willingness to purchase a gun medical
reports indicate that amy is pregnant of
which Nick denies knowledge Amy and Nick
had played treasure hunt games on every
wedding anniversary
this year's Clues include profligate
items purchased with Nick's card as well
as a diary highlighting Amy's growing
isolation and ominously ending with the
fear that Nick will kill her Amy is
revealed to be alive and well having
changed her appearance and gone into
hiding in a campground in the Ozarks
upon discovering Nick's affair she
concocted an elaborate plan to punish
him by framing him for her murder and
making the motive seem to be money she
fabricated a long-standing diary that
was accurate in its early entries but
later evolved into false the counts of
spousal violence and her increasing fear
of Nick she befriended a pregnant
neighbor told her fake stories about
Nick's temper and stole her urine for
the pregnancy test she planted
corroborating evidence of Nick's guilt
in the clue spots for the treasure hunt
for the police to find before
disappearing she drained her own blood
splattered it across the kitchen and
cleaned it haphazardly she anticipated
that Nick would be convicted and
executed for her murder and contemplated
committing suicide after his conviction
Nick deduces Amy's plan and convinces
Margot of his innocence he flies to New
York and meets Tanner bolt a lawyer
known for representing men accused of
killing their wives Nick also meets
Amy's ex-boyfriend Tommy O'Hara who says
that Amy had falsely accused him of rape
planting evidence around his house and
forcing him to register as a sex
offender to avoid jail Nick approaches
another ex-boyfriend the wealthy desi
Collings
against whom Amy previously filed a
restraining order but desi refuses to
share any details when Amy's Campground
neighbors robbed her of her money she
calls desi for help convincing him that
she ran away from Nick's abuse desi
agrees to hide her in his lake house
after Andy reveals their affair at a
press conference NIC appears on a talk
show professing his innocence and
apologizing for his failures as a
husband in the hope of luring Amy the
show airs shortly before the treasure
hunt clues land NIC arrested for murder
however his performance rekindles Amy's
feelings for him and modifies her plans
she uses des filles surveillance cameras
to her advantage making it appear that
desi kidnapped and raped her she seduces
desi murders him with a box cutter and
returns home covered in his blood
clearing nick of suspicion when bony
probes into the holes in her story amy
chastises her as incompetent the FBI
sides with a me forcing boney to back
down Amy tells Nick the truth saying
that the man she watched pleading for
her return on TV as the man she wants
him to become again Nick shares this
with Bonnie bolt and Margo but they
cannot prove Amy's guilt Nick intends to
leave Amy but she reveals she is
pregnant having inseminated herself with
Nick's sperm stored at a fertility
clinic
Nick reacts violently to amy's
insistence that they remain married but
feels responsible for the child
despite Margot's objections he
reluctantly decides to stay with Amy
the happy couple announces on television
that they are expecting thank you all
for watching don't forget to subscribe
and hit the bell notification for more
of these videos
[Music]